[Music]
if you're a girl you probably have all
kinds of masks creams and other facial
care stuff that's crowding your bathroom
shelf but did you know that you can
effectively lift your face and improve
your skin tone with nothing more than
your own hands the technique I'm talking
about is called Colucci and it's a face
massage that works wonders
kabuki massage was invented by a
Japanese therapist Chiyo Hayashi and it
targets not just the skin itself but the
layers of fat and muscle tissue beneath
you see with age the fat in your face
redistributes itself accumulating in
some areas more than others also your
facial muscles start to Sag with time
like any other muscles in your body they
need exercise to stay toned these
factors contribute to changes in how
your face looks when you age so it's not
all collagen inside your skin what
kururugi massage does is tone your
facial muscles and dissipate the fat
under your skin in other words it
targets both of the factors I just
mentioned and by the end of the course
you'll see definite changes in the shape
of your face but before we proceed with
this fascinating routine itself make
sure your health actually allows it
Karrueche massage is quite intense and
it requires rather energetic friction to
be applied to your face that's why you
should first and foremost consider
whether you have ent disease lymphatic
system disorders chronic skin conditions
or facial wounds if you do then Kota G
isn't for you also it's crucial to
consult your doctor before doing this
massage because you may damage your skin
or muscles in the process but enough
talk let's get down to business already
the massage takes seven steps wash your
hands take some massage oil grab a
mirror to look at how you're doing and
get started one cheek lifting clench
your fists and put your elbows on the
table place your fists against your
cheekbones with your fingers looking
inside relax your face muscles
completely and gently press your
knuckles against them stay like this for
five seconds
this is a basic routine so don't be
surprised it's that easy you always
start with something simple right
anyway when applying pressure don't
overdo it the press should be firm but
not painful to forehead slide raise your
head and tilt it back a little bit
clench your fists again and press your
middle finger knuckles on your forehead
along the hairline relax your face and
let it rest on your fingers without
lifting to pressure slide your knuckles
toward your temples and then further to
the earlobes continue sliding and
pressing down along your neck until you
reach the collarbones three cheek work
lock your hands together with your
thumbs joint but straight this movement
is done with their help so you'll need
them free put the tip of your right
thumb right under the inner corner of
your left eye beside the nose apply
pressure and slide the thumb to the left
towards the ear when you get there press
and slide down the neck to the
collarbone repeat that last part two or
three more times now do the same for the
right part of your face pressing and
sliding with a tip of your left thumb or
forehead smoothing this movement is done
with the help of your fists again put
your forearms together with the fingers
of both hands looking at you place your
knuckles slightly above your eyebrows
press and rub them toward your hairline
now bring your hands back to the
eyebrows but slightly apart this time
and repeat the upwards rubbing motion
continue until your whole forehead has
been smooth this way five eye rubbing
clench your fist once more see the
pattern yet and raise your eyebrows
close your eyes stick out the knuckles
of your index and middle fingers and rub
your brows with them you should start at
the inner part of your brow moving
outwards and keeping the brow in between
the knuckles six pulling up the lower
part
keep your hands the way you help them
for the previous movement with two of
your fingers sticking out from the fist
relax your face especially your jaw line
and don't create any resistance
now put the two sticking out knuckles of
both your hands on your chin just below
the corners of your mouth press and pull
the skin from your chin upwards toward
your temples apply some force but don't
forget not to make it painful repeat
this movement seven to eight times in
total seven finishing touches now all
this stress you've just applied to your
face needs to be relieved right open up
your palms and join the tips of your
fingers on your forehead smoothly slide
your hands down to your temples and from
there move towards your neck and finally
your collarbone you should feel the
tension going away as you do this repeat
the motion until your face feels relaxed
again and this is it for the seventh
step facial massage so do you want to
know what exactly you've done just now
let me break it down for you then like I
said at the beginning Kodu key massage
tones your muscles and redistributes the
fat making your face look youthful but
that's far from the only benefit it has
in fact Japanese and Korean adepts of
this technique say that if performed
correctly co2 heat can even reshape your
bone structure now don't get all what
that's not me who's saying that but the
facts of fact with age your facial bones
might become slightly displaced changing
your overall looks what kuruvi allegedly
does is return them to their initial
position making you look as young and
beautiful as you've ever been
unfortunately you can't really check it
without a full-blown medical examination
in probably an x-ray so you'll have to
trust the massage therapist words anyway
the result of the massage are still
rather obvious and there's much more to
it than bone setting and muscle toning
first of all while pulling and pressing
on your skin like this you make the
lymphatic fluid move which removes any
sign of swelling and puffiness from your
face that includes those dark circles
and bags under your eyes - secondly your
blood flow increases thanks to all this
exercise which is beneficial for your
skin good blood supply is necessary for
that healthy rosy cheek to look and it
also helps get the necessary vitamins
and nutrients to your face they are
carried by blood you know so making your
vessels work is one of the best things
you can do for your face thirdly your
skin becomes more elastic as it is
pulled and filled with a healthy amount
of lymph and blood elasticity
normally attributed to collagen and
that's quite correct but you don't
really have to buy all the collagen
containing masks in your local store to
look younger your body produces this
protein on its own you just need to
activate it and make it work
Cody massage does that well enough and
your skin becomes free of small wrinkles
in no time in fact if you do it at least
once a week it can even get rid of
deeper wrinkles to the buy expression
lines and finally Cody massage helps
reshape your face oval making your
features look sharper this happens
because as you age your skin starts
sagging making your face sort of blurred
facial muscles that you don't use every
day also become lacks and we all know
what happens when we don't train other
muscles in our body right well facial
ones are no exception so when you press
and pull on your skin with some force
you wake them up and they start working
for your benefit as a result your face
stops sliding down with age and retains
its original features for much longer
just one thing to note though don't be
surprised if your face starts aching the
day after you've done the massage that's
a common reaction of your muscles that
haven't seen any exercise for a while
continue doing this massage on a regular
basis and your face will stop hurting
promise so would you like to give the
co2 V massage a try let me know down in
the comments if you learned something
new today then give this video a like
and share it with a friend but hey don't
go anywhere just yet we have over two
thousand cool videos for you to check
out all you have to do is pick the left
or right video click on it and enjoy
stay on the bright side of life